Hahahahaha
Oops your car
You're with me.
It took 6 people to buy this piece of broken land
You second ancestor
With my business acumen
Even building toilets makes more money than you
In a dream, there is everything
Hahahaha Du Chen
What is not good for you to buy with 600 million?
You have to buy a piece of broken land in Xicheng District
I think your money is wasted.
Director Zhang
Is the opportunity you are talking about the land in Xicheng District?
Even you believed it
I can fight for this opportunity for you, Mr. Li
Can I catch it?
Just watch you fall into the dust
Your mouth is really hard
I'll tell you when the official release is new.
See how you explain
That's pretty good.
My Qin family sent Nancheng District the closest
It can also recover losses
And the broken ground you caused
I really can only cover the toilet
Hahahaha grandpa
We really have to trust their experts' predictions
The development of our new city is in Dongcheng District.
Why is he more accurate than an expert?
Ok stop talking
I believe in Du Cheng's vision
Since you are so sure
Then our Lin family will take this contract.
Young master
Dongcheng District was incorporated into the new city
Dongcheng District has been included in the new urban development project
Haha, I went on vacation.